README.md, before:

<a href="http://icosia.ugm.ac.id"><img src="https://github.com/bppugm/icosia-2023/blob/main/images/logos/logo.svg" height="142px" align="right"></a>

# Website for the ICoSIA UGM 2023

This is the copy of website for The 4<sup>th</sup> International Conference on Smart and Innovative Agriculture (ICoSIA 2023), hosted by Universitas Gadjah Mada on 10-11 October 2022.

## Credits

### Contributor
+ [Rafieiy](https://github.com/davieiycode)

### Development

+ Built using Visual Studio Code
+ HTML, CSS, Javascript Library by [Bootstrap v5.3.0-alpha3](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3)
+ Some contents based on [ICST 2017 Website](https://github.com/jaybaeta/icst-2017) © [Joaquim Baeta](https://github.com/jaybaeta/), under the [MIT License](https://github.com/jaybaeta/icst-2017/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

### Icons

+ [Font Awesome 6.4.0](https://fontawesome.com/docs/changelog/); [Fonticons Inc.](https://fontawesome.com/license)
+ Scopus icon © Elsevier B.V.

### Favicon

+ [RealFaviconGenerator](http://realfavicongenerator.net/) by [@realfavicongenerator](https://github.com/realfavicongenerator)

### Jumbotron

+ Background is by Pikisuperstar via [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/hand-drawn-food-background_3907558.htm); Modified to remove the text, [Free to use](https://www.freepikcompany.com/privacy#priv-rights).

### Logos
+ UGM and ICoSIA logos © Universitas Gadjah Mada

### Other images
All illustration images are free to use via Freepik.
+ Submission page by [pikisuperstar](https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/hand-drawn-flat-design-people-waving-illustration_21559261.htm); [Free to use](https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal?_gl=1*1mzv534*fp_ga*NDY3NDMwMDk4LjE2ODA3MjU1NjI.*fp_ga_QWX66025LC*MTY4MDkyMzUzOS41LjEuMTY4MDkyMzU4My4xNi4wLjA.*_ga*NDY3NDMwMDk4LjE2ODA3MjU1NjI.*_ga_18B6QPTJPC*MTY4MDkyMzUzOS41LjAuMTY4MDkyMzU0Mi41Ny4wLjA.#nav-freepik-license).
+ 404 page by [pch.vector](https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/people-using-online-apps-set_6974932.htm); [Free to use](https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal?_gl=1*1mzv534*fp_ga*NDY3NDMwMDk4LjE2ODA3MjU1NjI.*fp_ga_QWX66025LC*MTY4MDkyMzUzOS41LjEuMTY4MDkyMzU4My4xNi4wLjA.*_ga*NDY3NDMwMDk4LjE2ODA3MjU1NjI.*_ga_18B6QPTJPC*MTY4MDkyMzUzOS41LjAuMTY4MDkyMzU0Mi41Ny4wLjA.#nav-freepik-license).
+ Grand Rohan Jogja image © Grand Rohan Jogja

## License

© 2023 Badan Penerbit dan Publikasi UGM under the MIT License.

Commit message:

add symposia credits in readme

README.md, after:

<a href="http://icosia.ugm.ac.id"><img src="https://github.com/bppugm/icosia-2023/blob/main/images/logos/logo.svg" height="142px" align="right"></a>

# Website for the ICoSIA UGM 2023

This is the copy of website for The 4<sup>th</sup> International Conference on Smart and Innovative Agriculture (ICoSIA 2023), hosted by Universitas Gadjah Mada on 10-11 October 2022.

## Credits

### Contributor
+ [Rafieiy](https://github.com/davieiycode)

### Development

+ Built using Visual Studio Code
+ HTML, CSS, Javascript Library by [Bootstrap v5.3.0-alpha3](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3)
+ Some contents based on [ICST 2017 Website](https://github.com/jaybaeta/icst-2017) © [Joaquim Baeta](https://github.com/jaybaeta/), under the [MIT License](https://github.com/jaybaeta/icst-2017/blob/master/LICENSE.md)

### Icons

+ [Font Awesome 6.4.0](https://fontawesome.com/docs/changelog/); [Fonticons Inc.](https://fontawesome.com/license)
+ Scopus icon © Elsevier B.V.

### Favicon

+ [RealFaviconGenerator](http://realfavicongenerator.net/) by [@realfavicongenerator](https://github.com/realfavicongenerator)

### Jumbotron

+ Background is by Pikisuperstar via [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/hand-drawn-food-background_3907558.htm); Modified to remove the text, [Free to use](https://www.freepikcompany.com/privacy#priv-rights).

### Symposia images
All symposia images are free to use via Unsplash and Pexels.
+ Agricultural Big Data Analysis symposium by by [ThisisEngineering RAEng](https://unsplash.com/photos/6K2xWSA83g0); [Free to use](https://unsplash.com/license).
+ Agricultural Geography symposium by [Ivan Bandura](https://unsplash.com/photos/Oei00n8F5JQ); [Free to use](https://unsplash.com/license).
+ Land and Environmental Management symposium by [Oleksandr Pidvalnyi](https://www.pexels.com/photo/a-bunch-of-clownfish-swimming-in-a-tank-12861712/); [Free to use](https://www.pexels.com/license/).
+ Precision Nutrition Technology symposium by [Chantal Garnier](https://unsplash.com/photos/910GanwBoew); [Free to use](https://unsplash.com/license).
+ Smart and Precision Farming symposium by [Steven Weeks](https://unsplash.com/photos/DUPFowqI6oI); [Free to use](https://unsplash.com/license).
+ Smart Genetics Resource Management and Utilization symposium by [Sam Carter](https://unsplash.com/photos/GHOiyov2TSQ); [Free to use](https://unsplash.com/license).
+ Sustainable Food Production symposium by [Sri Lanka](https://unsplash.com/photos/KSa66AYiqnk); [Free to use](https://unsplash.com/license).

### Logos
+ UGM and ICoSIA logos © Universitas Gadjah Mada

### Other images
All illustration images are free to use via Freepik.
+ Submission page by [pikisuperstar](https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/hand-drawn-flat-design-people-waving-illustration_21559261.htm); [Free to use](https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal?_gl=1*1mzv534*fp_ga*NDY3NDMwMDk4LjE2ODA3MjU1NjI.*fp_ga_QWX66025LC*MTY4MDkyMzUzOS41LjEuMTY4MDkyMzU4My4xNi4wLjA.*_ga*NDY3NDMwMDk4LjE2ODA3MjU1NjI.*_ga_18B6QPTJPC*MTY4MDkyMzUzOS41LjAuMTY4MDkyMzU0Mi41Ny4wLjA.#nav-freepik-license).
+ 404 page by [pch.vector](https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/people-using-online-apps-set_6974932.htm); [Free to use](https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal?_gl=1*1mzv534*fp_ga*NDY3NDMwMDk4LjE2ODA3MjU1NjI.*fp_ga_QWX66025LC*MTY4MDkyMzUzOS41LjEuMTY4MDkyMzU4My4xNi4wLjA.*_ga*NDY3NDMwMDk4LjE2ODA3MjU1NjI.*_ga_18B6QPTJPC*MTY4MDkyMzUzOS41LjAuMTY4MDkyMzU0Mi41Ny4wLjA.#nav-freepik-license).
+ Grand Rohan Jogja image © Grand Rohan Jogja

## License

© 2023 Badan Penerbit dan Publikasi UGM under the MIT License.
